Add an inventories document to the docs and update inventory plugins document (#100)
ansible/awx-plugins: docs/inventory-plugins.rst

.. _ug_inventories_plugins:

Inventory Plugins
===================

> .. index::

Reviewer: (same)

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. Since tests are passing, splitting this out now will require more unnecessary work. If we need to make further changes after this PR is merged, we can open another PR to include those changes.

> =================

Reviewer: separate?

Author: This is weird. My local files showed this was already fixed.

Reviewer: :man_shrugging: it shows up here, so it's new.

Author: You mean this section is new? It's not, it's been there: https://awx-plugins-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/inventory-plugins/.  I thought you were commenting on the title length mismatch thing.

Reviewer: You changed this line in the branch, which is why it shows up in the diff.

Author: Yes, I was fixing the title mismatch length issue to be consistent with your previous feedback.

.. |Inventories - create source - RHV example| image:: _static/images/inventories-create-source-rhv-example.png
   :alt: Inventories create source Red Hat Virtualization example
|Inventories - create source - sourced from project example|

.. |Inventories - create source - sourced from project example| image:: _static/images/inventories-create-source-sourced-from-project-example.png

.. note::
.. note:: If you are executing a custom inventory script from SCM, please make sure you set the execution bit (i.e. ``chmod +x``) on the script in your upstream source control. If you do not, AWX will throw a ``[Errno 13] Permission denied`` error upon execution.

  Red Hat Virtualization (ovirt) inventory source requests are secure by default. To change this default setting, set the key ``ovirt_insecure`` to **true** in ``source_variables``, which is only available from the API details of the inventory source at the ``/api/v2/inventory_sources/N/`` endpoint.

.. _ug_source_rhaap:

Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. index::

>    pair: inventories; Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform

Reviewer: Why don't we keep these? I don't remember deciding that removing is better. Is it documented anywhere?

Author: I made that decision. I said I will remove them and I didn't get any objections: https://github.com/ansible/awx-plugins/pull/92/files/878236c9bfd9db26e18e4d2d2851de3e0453dac8#diff-a9c2af328070c3249a27284bc20d8b8a081bef1120704dcf0bf47ec41046f678

Author: FWIW, they were removed from PRs #97 but not in PR #98. Do you want me to put them back in for all files?

Reviewer: Oh, I didn't realize. I was convinced that I responded to that (but it looks like either my comment got lost or I forgot to submit it). I didn't know what this does initially, but as you explained, I figured it's actually useful.

And since removing them is an extra effort, I thought we'd just keep them in place. So my personal opinion is that let's not remove what we have and if you're in a mood to re-add the removed ones that's fine too — as long as it doesn't add to the burden.

In general, I wanted to optimize the effort by not doing things that aren't strictly necessary.

> -----------------------------------

Reviewer: Looks like this could be separate.

Author: All tests are passing now; I am not going to split it out, except in another commit.

Any imported hosts will have a description of "imported" by default. This can be overridden by setting the ``_awx_description`` variable on a given host. For example, if importing from a sourced .ini file, you could add the following host variables:

3. You can optionally specify the verbosity, host filter, enabled variable/value, and update options as needed.
::

4. Use the **Source Variables** field to override variables used by the ``aws_ec2`` inventory plugin. Enter variables using either JSON or YAML syntax. Use the radio button to toggle between the two. For a detailed description of these variables, view the `aws_ec2 inventory plugin documentation <https://cloud.redhat.com/ansible/automation-hub/repo/published/amazon/aws/content/inventory/aws_ec2>`__.
   [main]
   127.0.0.1 _awx_description="my host 1"
   127.0.0.2 _awx_description="my host 2"

|Inventories - create source - AWS EC2 example|
Similarly, group descriptions also default to "imported", but can be overridden by the ``_awx_description`` as well.

> .. |Inventories - create source - AWS EC2 example| image:: _static/images/inventories-create-source-AWS-example.png

Reviewer: Why is a PR that claims to add a document also reshuffles others? What's the relation?

Also, if the image is no longer included, shouldn't it also be deleted from Git?

Author: @webknjaz  can you show me an example of the reshuffling? Yes there will be a separate PR that removes all images from the repo no longer used.

Author: Ok I know what you mean, I forgot I dropped the changes in for inventory plugins, that's why I didn't fix the title mismatches or remove the index entries. I thought about reverting the changes for inventory plugins and put them in a separate PR but that might be messy. I'll update the PR title and add an explanation to the reshuffling of the inventory plugins as well. I just noticed that my branch name spells it out but my PR does not.

Author: Having said that, I will proceed with cleaning up the inventory plugins document - fixing the title mismatches, unnecessary index entries, remove unused images, and apply the correct roles to both docs, where applicable.

Reviewer: Let's not add a bunch of unrelated changes here, though.

Also, didn't we settle on keeping the indexes?

Author: No, I have been removing them because we were not producing PDFs.

Author: I put these back in the last commit per your request.

For inventories with SCM sources, the Job Details page for inventory updates show a status indicator for the project update as well as the name of the project. The status indicator links to the project update job. The project name links to the project.

An inventory update can be performed while a related job is running.

Supported File Syntax
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

AWX uses the ``ansible-inventory`` module from Ansible to process inventory files, and supports all valid inventory syntax that AWX requires.

.. _ug_sourced_from_project:

Sourced from a Project
-------------------------

.. index::
   pair: inventories; project-sourced

An inventory that is sourced from a project means that is uses the SCM type from the project it is tied to. For example, if the project's source is from GitHub, then the inventory will use the same source.

1. To configure a project-sourced inventory, select **Sourced from a Project** from the Source field.

2. The Create Source window expands with additional fields. Enter the following details:

>   - **Source Control Branch/Tag/Commit**: Optionally enter the SCM branch, tags, commit hashes, arbitrary refs, or revision number (if applicable) from the source control (Git or Subversion) to checkout. Some commit hashes and refs may not be available unless you also provide a custom ref spec in the next field. If left blank, the default is HEAD which is the last checked out Branch/Tag/Commit for this project.

Reviewer: It's a legit term in Git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-The-Refspec. Also, no need to capitalize other git terminology.

```suggestion
  - **Source Control Branch/Tag/Commit**: Optionally enter the SCM branch, tags, commit hashes, arbitrary refs, or revision number (if applicable) from the source control (Git or Subversion) to checkout. Some commit hashes and refs may not be available unless you also provide a custom refspec in the next field. If left blank, the default is HEAD which is the last checked out branch/tag/commit for this project.
```

Author: I am not going to commit this suggestion because of a misspelling of branch, and changes to this file will go into separate commit. thanks for the callout on refspec.

Reviewer: I fixed that misspelling in the suggested change. Also, if you are able to edit my comments, you'd be able to do that too, and then accept.
